the game is teetering Pontiac Thompson
quick feet lovely ball from Thompson
opens up the space for Ken to come back
sweet as you like clinical precision
from Melbourne
of the sorrow to go with it we saw a
wonderful pass from musket to camp which
brought Mel burns best moment but it was
fruitless otherwise in the first half
this is outstanding work Thompson
prising open the defense kept lasering
the ball in the injured right ankle of
carlos Hernandez does the business for
Melbourne Victory
the guy was catering but Melbourne have
swung the balance day away and it's a
beautiful goal in construction he could
watch that over and over and over else
or does the business
well he's got plenty of spectacular
goals this season carlos Hernandez there
was a wonderful team goal converted by
the Costa Rican cuts inside hutchinson
pondle yak Thompson's taken up a wide
position
right side very productive for melbourne
victory
through for the Hernandez goal announced
Thompson feeling why the way he faces
the line it's his body in a fantastic
position to deliver the cross and
Matthew kept swooping at the near post
he threatened about five minutes ago
with the ball in from the left he sticks
that trustee right pegar he gets the
meaningful contact again it's terrific
place changing from Melbourne and at the
near post Matthew Kemp scores Melbourne
second that have to be good things from
here the dick tree record
that is just the second goal less he
can't her scored in history
strong from Leia wins it back Thompson
jay continues his runny stayed onside
matthew Kemp
Melbourne Victory nephew came initially
appealing for a handball in the penalty
and be pretty happy with the outcome Oh
Nigel booga
you divide it three down they'll
continue to fight but a lil for long one
if you can begin the third goal coming
down the right-hand side
twice at the near post for Danny
Vukovich although these accidental ones
do come that's next little handball too
by the way
is the reward for Melbourne who battered
and bruised going into halftime have
refound themselves
and the best defense in the league
has like three goals at home
doing it pretty easy at the moment
velvet